Initial overhaul of widget overview (#22168)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/widgets/geomap.md

  text: "Notebooks"
---

The geomap widget visualizes geographic data with shaded regions or points. It can be used to:
- View user sessions by country.

> - Drill down to see a list of all sessions in a new tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Filter to see a list of all sessions in a new tab.
```
I usually replace "drill down" with "filter," but "filter" seems incorrect here because you get to see a full list. Maybe we just remove it? "See a list of all sessions in a new tab."

- View user sessions filtered by employee.

> - Monitor performance metrics like load time, core web vitals, and % of views with errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Monitor performance metrics like load time, core web vitals, and percent of views with errors.
```
